workspace|datastore|layer|type|sql_table|host|schema
indicadores_catastro|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_catastro|ind_ca001a|VirtualTable|select geom, porcent_resid_total, porcent_resid_total_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by porcent_resid_total_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi018g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi018, vi018_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi018_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_v_totales|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_ad005b|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, ad005, ad005_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by ad005_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi026b|VirtualTable|select geom, vi026, vi026_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi026_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu029_rejilla_125|VirtualTable|select gid, pu029 as data, geom as geom from ocupacion.indicadores_125|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi007g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi007, vi007_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi007_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|solares_def|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_bd_longitudinal|schema_registro_longitudinal_20150330|indice_envejecimiento_250|VirtualTable|select * from registro_longitudinal_20150330.mvw__individuos_portal_edad_250|localhost|registro_longitudinal_20150330
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi017g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi017, vi017_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi017_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_ad001b|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, ad001, ad001_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by ad001_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po008e|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po008, po008_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po008_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|porcentaje_pu029_inmuebles_libres|VirtualTable|select pu029, CASE WHEN n_hogares IS NULL AND pu029 IS NOT NULL THEN 0 ELSE n_hogares END AS n_hogares2, CASE WHEN n_hogares IS NULL AND pu029 IS NOT NULL THEN (n_hogares * 100 / pu029) ELSE porcentaje_pu029_hogares END AS porcentaje_pu029_hogares2, CASE WHEN n_hogares IS NULL AND pu029 IS NOT NULL THEN 100 ELSE (porcentaje_pu029_hogares - 100) * -1 END AS porcentaje_pu029_inm_libres, CASE WHEN n_hogares IS NULL AND pu029 IS NOT NULL THEN pu029 END AS parcelas_solo_inmuebles, geom_poly from ocupacion.indicadores|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_vivienda|ind_ad006b|VirtualTable|select geom, ad006, ad006_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by ad006_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi016g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi016, vi016_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi016_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_v_secundarias|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi027b|VirtualTable|select geom, vi027, vi027_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi027_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi008g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi008, vi008_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi008_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_bd_longitudinal|schema_registro_longitudinal_20150330|indice_envejecimiento_125|VirtualTable|select * from registro_longitudinal_20150330.mvw__individuos_portal_edad_125|localhost|registro_longitudinal_20150330
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_v_totales|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_xml_localizadas|PlainTable|parcelas_xml_localizadas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_unico_compartido|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|presencia_inmuebles_no_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente|PlainTable|indicadores_cualitativos|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_mixtos|import_ismael|hog_par_ur_def2|PlainTable|hog_par_ur_def|localhost|import_ismael
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_ad003b|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, ad003, ad003_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by ad003_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_final|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi005f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi005, vi005_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi005_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|c_parcela_residencial029|PlainTable|c_parcela_residencial|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi032b|VirtualTable|select geom, vi032, vi032_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi032_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po006d|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po006, po006_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po006_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_distinctnif|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi011g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi011, vi011_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi011_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
test|schema_catastro_normalized_import_20150330|constru|PlainTable|constru|localhost|catastro_normalized_import_20150330
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_v_principales|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi029b|VirtualTable|select geom, vi029, vi029_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi029_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_predominante_def|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_todos|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_ad004b|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, ad004, ad004_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by ad004_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi019g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi019, vi019_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi019_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_bd_longitudinal|schema_registro_longitudinal_20150330|indice_envejecimiento_62_5|VirtualTable|select * from registro_longitudinal_20150330.mvw__individuos_portal_edad_62_5|localhost|registro_longitudinal_20150330
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_unico|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_v_secundarias|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po010e|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po010, po010_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po010_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_frecuencia|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi021g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi021, vi021_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi021_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu029|VirtualTable|select gid, pu029 as data, geom_poly as geom from ocupacion.indicadores|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi006f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi006, vi006_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi006_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_bd_longitudinal|schema_registro_longitudinal_20150330|indice_envejecimiento_31_25|VirtualTable|select * from registro_longitudinal_20150330.mvw__individuos_portal_edad_31_25|localhost|registro_longitudinal_20150330
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po007d|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po007, po007_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po007_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_hogares|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi010g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi010, vi010_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi010_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_v_vacias|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|base_def|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu005_rejilla_125|VirtualTable|select gid, pu005 as data, geom as geom from ocupacion.indicadores_125|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|renove_parcela_localizadas|PlainTable|renove_parcela_localizadas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po003c|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po003, po003_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po003_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|unico_compartido_definit|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|grado_saturacion_inmuebles_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente_250|PlainTable|grado_saturacion_250|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu029_rejilla_250|VirtualTable|select gid, pu029 as data, geom as geom from ocupacion.indicadores_250|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po004d|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po004, po004_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po004_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi030h|VirtualTable|select geom, vi030, vi030_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi030_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi013g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi013, vi013_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi013_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi022g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi022, vi022_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi022_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|promociones_candidatas|PlainTable|promociones_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
test|registro_longitudinal__20150330_rltest.mvw__portal|registro_longitudinal__20150330_rltest_mvww__portal|VirtualTable|select * from registro_longitudinal__20150330_rltest.mvw__portal|localhost|registro_longitudinal__20150330_rltest
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_poblacion_total|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_solares|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi003f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi003, vi003_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi003_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_ad002b|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, ad002, ad002_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by ad002_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi028b|VirtualTable|select geom, vi028, vi028_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi028_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_predominante|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi033h|VirtualTable|select geom, vi033, vi033_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi033_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po005d|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po005, po005_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po005_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_residencial_pu005|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi012g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi012, vi012_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi012_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po011e|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po011, po011_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po011_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi004f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi004, vi004_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi004_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi023g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi023, vi023_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi023_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_poblacion_total|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po009e|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po009, po009_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po009_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_situacion|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu005|VirtualTable|select gid, pu005 as data, geom_poly from ocupacion.indicadores|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas_residenciales|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_hogares|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po001c|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po001, po001_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po001_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|presencia_inmuebles_no_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente_250|PlainTable|indicadores_cualitativos_250|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores.indicador_p29_hogares|VirtualTable|select indicador_pu029_hogares, geom_poly from ocupacion.indicadores|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|presencia_inmuebles_no_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente_125|PlainTable|indicadores_cualitativos_125|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi015g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi015, vi015_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi015_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|parcelas_candidatas|PlainTable|parcelas_candidatas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi024g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi024, vi024_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi024_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi009g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi009, vi009_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi009_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi001f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi001, vi001_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi001_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_v_vacias|PlainTable|vivienda|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|numero_inmuebles_uso_residencial_pu005_rejilla_250|VirtualTable|select gid, pu005 as data, geom from ocupacion.indicadores_250|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi020g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi020, vi020_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi020_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|c_parcela_residencial005|PlainTable|c_parcela_residencial|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_po002c|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, po002, po002_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by po002_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|grado_saturacion_inmuebles_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente_125|PlainTable|grado_saturacion_125|localhost|ocupacion
indicadores_catastro|schema_catastro|uso_residencial_pu029|PlainTable|c_parcelas_andalucia|viv1.cica.es|catastro
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi014g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi014, vi014_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi014_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
test|schema_catastro_normalized_import_20150330|parcela_test_credenciales|PlainTable|parcela|localhost|catastro_normalized_import_20150330
indicadores_mixtos|import_ismael|hog_par_ur_def|PlainTable|hog_par_ur_def|localhost|import_ismael
indicadores_mixtos|esquema_geoserver.indicadores_mixtos|ind_vi031h|VirtualTable|select geom, vi031, vi031_vis as pixelsize from geoserver.vw__indicadores_municipales2 order by vi031_vis desc|localhost|geoserver
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi025g|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi025, vi025_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi025_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
test|schema_catastro_normalized_import_20150330|parcela|PlainTable|parcela|localhost|catastro_normalized_import_20150330
indicadores_censo|zidane.censo|vivienda_seccensal_v_principales|PlainTable|sec_andalu1|zidane.fgh.us.es|public
indicadores_catastro|vivienda|spr_parcela_localizadas|PlainTable|spr_parcela_localizadas|viv1.cica.es|vivienda
indicadores_vivienda|schema_indicadores|ind_vi002f|VirtualTable|select geom, municipio, vi002, vi002_vis as pixelsize from indicadores.vw__indicadores_municipales order by vi002_vis desc|localhost|indicadores
indicadores_uso_residencial|indicadores_uso_residencial|grado_saturacion_inmuebles_ocupados_por_poblacion_residente|PlainTable|grado_saturacion|localhost|ocupacion
